Added legal disclaimers (#333)
wormhole-foundation/example-native-token-transfers: LEGAL.txt

> The information and materials available through this repo (collectively, “Materials”)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The information and materials available through this code repository (collectively, “Materials”)
```

> are available on an “AI IS” basis without warranties of any kind, either express or

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
are available on an “AS IS” basis without warranties of any kind, either express or
```
